The best places to visit in India

There are many types of travelers in the world and India is one of the few travel destinations that caters to all classes of travelers. Are you an avid traveler? You should climb India at least once in your life. This article rounds up the top travel destinations to add to your list.
The best time to travel to India is during the winter season when many destinations will be of prime beauty during this time. There are year-round destinations like Kerala, Rishikesh and others.

Goa

With more than 30 beaches, this Union Territory Goa is a party and beach lover's paradise. All water and beach activities are at this location. There are many old and modern churches, shopping opportunities and most of all the place is famous for its nightlife. This is a very important place for some adventure activities like ballooning, hiking and others.

Agra

Taj Mahal, the first wonder of the world , is the main attraction of Agra. Did you know that the number of tourists visiting the Taj Mahal is greater than the population of Agra every year? Aside from this wonder of the world, there are many attractions in Agra including Mughal gardens, forts, shopping malls, ancient temples, mosques and the always enchanting Yamuna River.

Kerala
No matter what the list of things to do before you die, Kerala would be a part of it. This is the Venice of East India. The best activities you can enjoy here are houseboats, backwaters, water parks, landscapes, beaches, water activities, Ayurvedic massage and others. Munnar is the most visited site of kerala. Kerala is one of the places in India where one can enjoy river rafting.

Mcleodganj

If you like mountains and mountain related activities you will love this place. With a great view of the Dhauladhar ranges and numerous trekking spots, this place is suitable for nature and mountain lovers. Camping, hiking, rock climbing and sightseeing are the main activities that can be enjoyed here. Camping under the night sky is probably on every nature/adventure lovers to-do list.

Srinagar

Cashmere is always beautiful. Srinagar is known for its lakes, valleys, houseboats,  and others. If you come to visit in summer, the place will be rich in flora and water bodies. Srinagar is rich with flower plantations, exploring Kashmir with Indiasimplify. This region of India has a large variety of flowers one must visit these plantations. If you visit in winter, skiing and other snow activities are famous here.

